(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
(triumphant music)
The final battle
to decide the fate
of the Digital world
has been fought and won.
With Millenniumon
finally destroyed,
the Digi-destined and
their Digimon partners
take a well deserved break.
[Agumon] We did
it, Tai, we did it.
[Tai] Yeah, our mission
is officially over.
(gadget beeps)
Seriously?
I was just starting to relax.
Salutations, Izzy.
Huh, Garbagemon!
Ooh, it worked, I got through.
Garbagemon?
Oh the one Tai was
telling us about.
Yeah, the one we met on
a mountain of garbage.
Well, well, I haven't
seen clear skies
like this in a long, long time.
What did you need?
We were in such a good
mood till you called.
Nice to see you too.
So anyway, Izzy, you recognize
this symbol, don't you?
Uh, Yeah?
(dramatic suspenseful music)
Where are you right now, anyway?
[Garbagemon] Well
this may surprise you,
but after we left that
mountain of treasure,
we went on a journey
of exploration
and eventually we came across
the most amazing place.
(Tai gasps)
(monitors chime)
It's a place where
all kinds information
from all over the Digital
world is gathered.
Huh?
[Garbagemon] Hello?
Okay if we come down?
Oh, wow.
(Agumon grunts)
(monitors chime)
[Garbagemon] Izzy!
[Izzy] Searchmon, Garbagemon!
I'd like you to meet a
great seeker of knowledge,
this is Wisemon.
Greetings, Digi-destined,
it is a pleasure to meet you.
This encounter brings great
joy to my banks of knowledge.
What is the Digital world?
What are Digimon?
Where do we come from?
And where do we go?
To try and answer
these questions,
we are constantly
gathering data.
This brings joy to my knowledge.
That's a whole lot of joy.
It sounds to me like you're
somebody who likes to study lot.
Hey, Joe, I think you
two are gonna get along.
Yeah, maybe.
[Garbagemon] Hop on, everyone,
I'll show you around.
Look at this!
It's like one big laboratory
[Garbagemon] Digimon
with high intellects,
questioning minds,
and lots of curiosity,
come from all over
the Digital world
and gather together here
to share information
and debate different theories.
Sometimes, we carry
out field studies,
looking for answers
because trying
to find the answers is what
this facility is all about.
Since I've been here,
new discoveries are
being made all the time.
And it brings joy to my
knowledge too. (laughs)
The joy seems to be spreading.
(Izzy laughs)
[Sora] What's all that?
[Garbagemon] Oh, that's garbage,
I mean that's where we
store all the damaged,
corrupted or otherwise
unsortable data.
[Izzy] Wow, This place is
like the inside of a computer.
[Wisemon] This enormous
tree was itself discovered
by researchers many
generations before our time.
It has become the repository
of many historical artifacts.
We use this place as
a base of operations
for conducting all
of our research.
(Izzy gasps)
(feet clank)
(Agumon gasps)
(Tai gasps)
[Tai] Wait, those symbols.
[Gomamon] Yeah,
they look familiar.
Where have we seen those before?
[Sora] They're the same ones
that are on our Digivices.
But what do they mean?
[Wisemon] When did
these shapes originate?
No matter how much of
their history we unravel,
we cannot discover
the answer to that.
Long ago, so far into the past
that words cannot describe it.
We assume they've existed since
the beginning of the world.
There is no other
logical conclusion.
They are the greatest
mystery of all to us.
The crests, that is
what we call them.
The crests?
[Wisemon] It is said
they are a hidden code
to the structure
of all the world.
Messages sent here
from somewhere else.
The records of all things.
The answers to all things.
Our predecessors
probed the mysteries
and produced many theories.
But they never succeeded
in reaching the truth.
However, one thing is clear.
These crests will
play a vital role
in navigating those anomalies
currently plaguing the world.
We do not know why this is so,
but something within
us is telling us this.
There is no other
way to explain it.
Yeah, in fact, I've kind
of wondered about them.
I thought they might
be some sort of icon,
possibly put there to identify
the owner of each Digivice.
Sounds like there's
a whole lot more
to these crest than just that.
-(Digivice chimes)
-(Matt gasps)
(crests chime)
(Tai and Agumon gasps)
Can it possibly be?
-Huh, what's going on?
-The crests and the data
of the Digi-destined are
matching and resonating.
(Digivice chimes)
What the heck?
It appears crests
are reading them,
analyzing the data of
their adventures thus far.
Adventures?
-Analyzing our experiences?
-(gentle music)
Huh?
(Matt gasps)
(wings flapping)
Amazing.
(Palmon grunts)
What is it?
You and the crest share
a deep connection.
There is no question about it.
So let me state this clearly,
you children are the
entities who hold the fate
of all in your hands.
The fate of those who
summoned you here,
we Digimon, as well as the fate
of the whole Digital
world itself.
This truly brings great
joy to my knowledge.
Oh, okay, cool.
No pressure.
So we've been amazing
all this time,
we just didn't know it!
Guess so.
At least that new darkness
thing is behind us now anyway.
No.
Huh?
It has not ended.
You children are the
only ones who can defeat
the Great Catastrophe
that is to come.
The what that is to come?
-the Great Catastrophe.
-(ominous music)
Wait a sec, wasn't
that Millenniumon?
Millenniumon, also known as
the uncontrollable darkness,
-was only a stepping stone.
-Uh-huh.
As I'm sure you're all aware,
a large amount of
energy has been siphoned
from the human world
by some outside entity.
Now, even Millenniumon
gone, it hasn't stopped.
It's still going
on, like before.
Yes, the danger
is far from over.
We have not been able
to trace the energy's
ultimate destination,
but it's clear that
this entity or its will,
must still be alive.
Something even darker
than Millenniumon is
about to make a move.
You're saying our
work's not done yet,
is that right?
What happens in the
Great Catastrophe?
All we know is this.
Uh, it's blank.
Is it broken?
[Wisemon] No, it is the answer.
Huh, What does that mean?
All we know is that
we do not know.
This too brings great
joy to my knowledge.
What the heck?
That's not even funny.
Yeah, how does
that bring you joy.
-(wings flapping)
-(echoing sounds)
-(laser chimes)
-(explosion rumbles)
(Burpmon chews)
(Burpmon burps)
(electronic chimes)
(glass shatters)
(Digimon gasp)
(Burpmon burps)
(Tai and Matt gasp)
-Wisemon
-Wisemon,
we're under attack!
There's a Digimon outside
eating everything.
Even the data we
gathered on catastrophe,
nearly all of our most
important data's been eaten.
Impossible!
[Bucchimon] It's not safe
here, we should evacuate, now!
Who would do such a thing?
Huh?
(Garbagemon gasps)
[Mimi] Uh, what is that?
-Watch out!
-(Bucchimon grunt)
(Garbagemon gasps)
[Wisemon] That most gluttonous
Digimon who eats any kind
of data!
(Burpmon burps)
-Burpmon!
-(Burpmon gasps)
(crests chime)
(Burpmon groans)
Ready, Agumon?
Agumon Digivolve to
Greymon!
(Burpmon grunts)
(Burpmon bounces and groans)
How dare you try and steal
their important data!
Yeah, that's so rude
to dine and dash.
(Burpmon screams)
Palmon!
Palmon Digivolve to
Togemon!
Gabumon Digivolve to
Garurumon!
Biyomon Digivolve to
Birdramon!
Tentomon Digivolve to
Kabuterimon!
Gomamon Digivolve to
Ikkakumon!
(Digivices chime)
Uh, What's going on?
Nova Blast!
(Burpmon groans)
All right, we did it.
(Tai grunts)
Howling Blaster!
Meteor Wing!
Harpoon Torpedo!
Needle Spray!
Electro Shocker!
(Burpmon burps)
That Digimon's
eating our attacks?
(Burpmon burps)
Uh, did Burpmon get bigger?
How dare you!
All right, that does it.
(Dustbin sucks)
(Burpmon sucks)
[Izzy] Garbagemon!
(garbage can clanks)
(Garbagemon groans)
Hm, it seems there are some
things even Burpmon won't eat.
(spirited music)
(Digimon struggle)
This isn't funny!
Seriously, no joke!
We need to take
this fight outside.
[Everyone] All right!
(Digivices beep)
Greymon digivolve to
Metalgreymon!
Birdramon digivolve to
Garudamon!
(Burpmon screams)
(Digivice chimes)
Kabuterimon digivolve to
Megakabuterimon!
(Megakabuterimon grunts)
[MetalGreymon] Giga Storm!
(Burpmon screams)
Watch out, Burpmon's
trying to get back inside.
So Burpmon's target is the data?
[Garudamon] Wing Blade!
(Burpmon burps)
How do we fight an enemy
who eats everything?
Eats everything, including data.
If we could just
find enough data,
a data overload.
Wait, that's it.
I've got it everyone!
(explosions boom)
(Garudamon screams)
[Lillymon] Flower Cannon!
Ow!
(Izzy chuckles)
Sorry to keep you waiting.
[Tai] With garbage data?
(feet clanking)
If you're really that
hungry, eat this.
(Burpmon chews)
(Zudomon yells)
(Burpmon groans)
I don't know if this'll work,
but if we can overload
Burpmon's intake
with a massive amount of data
(Burpmon groans)
Horn Buster!
Giga Storm!
(Burpmon groans)
(explosion booms)
Yeah, it worked!
(everyone cheers)
Looks like you got
all your data back.
But look at how it's
scattered all over the place
and all mixed up.
Restoring it all is
gonna take forever.
Don't worry, I'll help you.
[Wisemon] All the
precious data was saved,
thanks to you children.
This truly brings
joy to my knowledge
But there's still that Great
Catastrophe you mentioned.
It's all about to
begin, isn't it?
Yep, looks like we've still
got some work ahead of us.
Oh great, just when I
hoped we were finally done.
Yeah, right?
How long's this gonna go on for?
-(Tai exhales sharply)
-(gentle uplifting music)
We get to continue
the adventure.
I'm all for it!
With Agumon at my side,
there's nothing to fear.
Mm-hm.
And I don't do it
because I was chosen
or cause it's my mission.
I do it for my friends.
And all the Digimon
are my friends!
Not so bad yourself.
(Kari chuckles)
[Everyone] Hmm.
(crests chime)
-(Digivice chimes)
-(Tai gasps)
What's happening?
What is it now?
A new phenomenon.
Oh, another joy added
to my knowledge.
Weird.
Looks like the arrows are
pointing all over the place.
Every one of 'em is different.
What do you think it could mean?
As I was explaining earlier,
we believe that the
crests hold the key
to avoiding the
Great Catastrophe.
But unfortunately we do not
know anything more than that.
So do you think
we'll find the answer
if we just go to where
these arrows are pointing?
I believe so.
Let's go then.
What do you say?
Okay.
[Agumon] Wait, Tai, look!
[Tai] Huh?
Hey, why is mine the
only one doing that?
(everyone gasps)
Well, I guess we're
just gonna have
to find out when we
get there, right?
Guess so.
I'm sure there is a reason each
of those places
is calling to you.
Go then, please, and
find the answers for us.
You know, before I head on out,
I think I'm gonna stay here
for a little bit and
research something.
I can help them with restoring
all the data while I'm at it.
Okay, sounds good to me.
(Gatomon groans)
Gatomon!
I'm alright.
But you weren't able to
evolve earlier so I'm worried
about you.
Maybe you're just tired.
You did go through
an extreme Digivolve.
Why don't we just rest
here for a little while?
Gatomon.
No, really, it's nothing.
It's fatigue.
Relaxing's the best
remedy for that.
Relaxing, yeah.
-Oh the hot springs!
-Hm, hot springs?
We can take you there.
It's a place Joe and I
are pretty familiar with.
-Hm.
Wanna go?
Yeah.
Are you sure, Kari?
It's all about you and Patamon,
we want you both to get better.
Oh, if you say so,
then Leader Joe, Gomamon,
please show us the way.
-Okay,
-(gentle uplifting music)
everyone who's coming,
let's hit the road.
(Izzy sighs)
What's the matter, Izzy?
Is something bothering you?
I was just wondering,
did Burpmon really come
just for the data or?
Or?
Well, that attack happened just
after we'd found
out about the crest.
Do you think that it
might have been connected
to the Great Catastrophe?
One mystery leads
to more mysteries.
This too
[Everyone] Brings great
joy to my knowledge!
It really does!
(everyone laughs)
I can't wait, Tai,
I'm so pumped!
Me too, cause I know
somewhere out there,
we'll find the answer, Agumon.
♪ The colors blend
in the horizon ♪
♪ Speeding straight
into a new sun rising ♪
♪ Never ending seas and
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ It lies ahead the path
♪ To what you hope to find
♪ Well that's right
we'll fly forever ♪
♪ You know the time to start
♪ Is now or never
♪ Soaring overseas through
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ Tomorrow lies ahead
♪ In wait for us to find
♪ Smile on
♪ We're beyond the point
of no return now ♪
♪ So bring it on
♪ Yeah, bring it on
♪ We can see the writing
on the wall now ♪
♪ We'll battle on
♪ Oh, we're not done
♪ even if they say that
we're running aground now ♪
♪ We're flying on
♪ Flying on
♪ 'Cause we're the ones who have
something we're fighting for! ♪
The Digimon encyclopedia,
Magnadramon.
This Digimon Mega-Digivolves
from from Angewomon.
They say Magnadramon is the
one who annihilates all evil.
Now let's check this out,
the legendary Magnadramon only
appears when fighting evil.
Does that mean
Magnadramon would appear
if I did something bad?
Like, if I painted stripes
on tentomon's wings?
(Digital beeping)
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
Sora and Garudamon are
swallowed by boiling lava,
but that's just when the wings
of miracles begin to flutter.
Next time, dance of
the heavens, Phoenixmon
The adventure continues
in a new world.